vendor assessment-a process that evaluates a company's external vendors and suppliers to ensure they meet the organization's needs and expectations

vendor selection- is a series of steps that organizations take to find third-party partners to meet their needs

Evidence of internal audits- is essentially, any information that demonstrates the organization's process of identifying, analyzing, and mitigating potential risks across various business areas.

A Independent Assessment- is a thorough analysis of a business or system to identify potential risks and recommend ways to mitigate them

Supply chain Analysis- is the process of evaluating a company's supply chain to identify areas for improvement and reduce costs. 
It involves collecting and analyzing data from multiple systems to gain insights into the procurement, processing, and distribution of goods. 

Due Diligence- A comprehensive assessment of a business, investment, or transaction to identify potential risks and make informed decisions. It can include reviewing a business's financial statements, assets, liabilities, and work processes. 
Here are some examples of how due diligence and risk assessment are used in different contexts:Supply chain management
Due diligence is a vital part of a company's risk management strategy. Supply chains are complex and involve many third parties, so due diligence can help identify and mitigate risks. 
 
Customer due diligence (CDD)
A process used by financial institutions to assess customers' backgrounds and associated risks. CDD helps ensure regulatory compliance and prevent financial crimes. 

COI- Conflict of interest can help organizations identify and mitigate risks that could impact their professional judgments or actions.COIs can arise in many ways,including conflicts between an individual's obligations and their self-interest, or conflicts resulting from divided loyalties.
They can be found in many aspects of an organization, such as research, teaching, business operations, finance, hiring, and purchasing. 
